{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Records Pages
\b0 \
USE REFERENCE IMAGES FOR GUIDES\
RecordsBase1 = stats for Story Mode\
RecordsBase2 = stats for Arcade Mode\
Font_Records1 = smaller font used for most stats\
Font_Records2 = larger, used for High Score stats\'a0\
\
You will need to keep track of:\'a0\
Story Mode\
- running accumulated total of every block type cleared through all play sessions. Clears when game is erased\
- Number of purchases made (stars spent). Clears when game is erased.\'a0\
- the largest chain and match made over all sessions. Clears when game is erased\
- running accumulated total of every medal type earned. Clears when game is erased. NOTE - I am working on medal stats....\
\
Arcade Mode\
-Top 5 scores; including level reached for that session.\'a0Clears when game is erased\
- Largest chain, match, max points on one move, max # of moves in a session, max powers used in a session, and longest session (time).\'a0Clears when game is erased\
\
\

\b Trophy Pages
\b0 \
USE REFERENCE IMAGES FOR GUIDES\
Trophy Base = bg overlay for all 3 trophy pages\
Trophy Names = go inside circles of Trophy Base. 3 frames, 289x186 each for 3 pages\
TrophyInfo = goes inside of blue rectangle of TrophyBase. 36 frames. Will display corresponding info in box when players touch each trophy circle, whether completed or not.\
\
TrophyIcon= (note- asset temporary) As trophies are unlocked they will be filled in on the Trophy Base with the corresponding icon.\
\
Note: when a trophy is achieved, be sure to display YOU GOT A TROPHY TAG over the top left corner of the screen. Also, when you complete a level and earn a star display YOU GOT A STAR TAG in same position.\
}